Today I want to give you a short sony
Introducing xperia here in the
version with two sim cards slots that
unfortunately is still a sad
history at least the German
In the market there are far too few duals
sim devices
although she has a huge advantage
but unfortunately this is more likely
confined to the Asian space and
here only very rarely all devices
in terms of the xperia m in the dual
version is one of them
but that too is more like that
middle class model if not even on
but entry-level model still offers
one way two sim cards too
use and also a dual standby too
to have
that means you can on both cards
also be called one of them
cards but only for the
corresponding data connection used
will be which or which should be
that will be one can then each
can always select the menu with so
to assign the card accordingly and
can also tell in what style slot
then the corresponding card is located
But let's have a look at the money
very short to the back is relative
made for this is such a small soft
touch can be found on the side and here
the housing right side has one
the classic xperia button
meanwhile the on and off switch
man had volume rocker and one has
a dedicated camera button otherwise
There is a lot to see on top of it ever
after how the light falls on it here
you can see it is the 3.5 mm
jack connection on the other over
houses outside is then the
micro usb connection
There is really nothing on the bottom of the device
more only a small possibility around
to intervene and mount a loop
let's see if we know that in
the focus on getting down here
would that then the law looks like
it would be from a cast or unibody
Housing is together that quasi
the complete part into the
is sunk in the back here
you can see the backside what you get here
looks is the connection for the
corresponding nfc contact and here
then we have that what that
device, namely two sim cards
Slots and the possibility with a
micro sd card still the memory
expand
that is also necessary at this point
because the device itself has hardly any internal
memory means we have four here
gb flash memory
rather that is not the case
processor itself is a dual core
Processor more we can because of the
do not put it out
the clock is clocked with a gigahertz
the variant m in dual sim design
comes with android 4.2
ergo itself has 1750 milliamp hours
the camera on the back solves with 5
megapixel on that makes more bad
as a pretty good light like the
Most cameras are the pictures
acceptable because we can not do anything against
say you can be nice with touch
focus then also choose on what
should be focused
otherwise she can enjoy videos in 720p
dissolve and the front camera only does
vga network otherwise follows sony what
the xperia models matter you have
have your own adjustments on it
your own surfaces on it
Overall, the system works very well
nice it works and it has
pleasant feeling but it is nunmal
just a device with the hardware of
yesterday
But it is in the dual sim device of therefore
it would be absolutely necessary or it
I would like to have him here
these devices are not set
much more why we see here
we have two sim cards we can
say which should be activated
luckily that can be done in the gsm network
both enabled by default
we can still show the cards
what names you want to get with it
they are easier to recognize for us
and you can choose which one as well
card responsible for data transmission
is
besides, we can say there is one
constant accessibility permanent
Accessibility means here at the place
you can say that one
she should not be available for
for example because where you are right now
is
the corresponding network provider no
can network has no network availability
we will automatically send it to the other card
forward otherwise there is absolutely
nothing great of others
differentiates systems you see
nevertheless core processor works that
relatively nice here
the surface is known that is whole
normal
the sony surface they over it
lay down and with it the device works
there is a lot that we supplied
we already know that from here
other xperia models
We can go back to the camera
watch version or look function
they start like the others
Models also by a short press
on the appropriate camera key and
if we are here now
We are going there if we are here now
you can see the whole look
you have the possibility of the camera too
use there is the shadow of the
Video camera then already in the way otherwise
normal camera functions
we have the possibilities here
to set different functions
gives a hdr function if we have now
give it a try
that means we solve from this
keep still and then he builds us a hdr
image that he pictures two outside
superimposed by the corresponding one
get here
and then we already have that
we want to see you see the touch
Keys are on screen break is not
the bottom of the housing with recessed so so
otherwise to the device yet to say
the display you see is a 4 inch
display the size you do not see
but you see that
relatively small device is when
we now here namely the nexus four
Next to it you can see the
size difference, we start here
sometimes even high then we see that
also with activated screen and then
we already see the display size
differs in any case
noticeable
This 4 inch display has a resolution
from 854x480
Pixels are so far away from 720p
or even from a full hd resolution
but the tft-display view is relative
easy to read solves with 16 8 million
Colors on has a mineral glass display
that should be scratch-resistant and as I said
the processor itself is one
we still have a look at the qualcomm processor
let's just go into the system so we can
See the software version here too
you can see android 4.2.2011 us
also overcome quite normal in
google it like we do it from others
know devices
if it is set up works
that is wonderful and otherwise
that makes it too that was the xperia
in the dual I am from awd say thank you for
see you and see you next time